dead here for everyone with another who and
more than gta 5 and well we are here as
You see in the title I'm going to teach you aa
tuning a car for free
exactly create I be without any
without any cost as you see here
to this tuned that he had caught by
the street to what is being taught
what had metallic tunnel colors
chrome metal is called and the
baskets and wheels that do not accessory
red smoke and there you have to buy
that property is worth you can buy
when you want and I buy it at the end
It happened to me and I bought it at the end
because well I 'm not going to pointer but
the purchase at the end because it is better and
is there next to the airport
trevor and good as you see you have to
come here and good for you to see it
I got here a car so you can see how
it's totally free
well before this axis which is the
boy and well you come here you have to
buying the property had already
bought is right here in this
good he left the car before
as you see here
inside but good there opens up the this
because it's a garage tuning but he's going to
buy the east is now I'm going to
teach to buy the property is
here exactly I do not know how much it's worth I do not
agreement I do not remember but I do not think
it will look for us, it reaches us at a million or nothing
I think that's annoying, there's a lot of case because I
I was putting I gave him to buy the
own that is milk right and nothing
towards the summit
good as you can see here the leaves are all
the two great paternity and good not
you see there exists for the free vehicle
and you already have everything free engine
you put what you wear is free I
I got here the better for it to
I saw it jce suspension such a villa the
car this one
down the street okay and then here as
you see everything everything is free
windows the engine all the improvements
good are serious
and nothing that you can have any car
I in this case I took one from the street
anybody just to see it
jce and good as you see here has made me
face with the cars so that for
you see that it is in the armor east of
per hundred and all and nothing of that buy the
own that is there next to the
trevor airport and you can already
turn only in that vale not to the others
Tuning garages are not just that
property
only in this garage because it's yours
you buy so nothing this I feel for
today but that you like the video that
can you like favorites a greeting that
God